Update step02-backup-setup.mdx (#4938)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/supported-open-source/barman/single-server-streaming/step02-backup-setup.mdx

```shell
cat <<'EOF' >>~/.pgpass
pg:5432:*:barman:example-password
pg:5432:replication:streaming_barman:example-password
EOF
chmod 0600 ~/.pgpass
```

> Each line in the `.pgpass` file need to follow below format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each line in the `.pgpass` file needs to follow below format:
```

```
[db_host]:[db_port]:[db_name]:[db_user]:[db_password]
```

> Also note that the database name [db_name] for the barman streaming user MUST be `replication`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The database name [db_name] for the barman streaming user must be `replication`
```

> **Note the change in permissions** - this is necessary to protect the visibility of the file, and PostgreSQL will not use it unless permissions are restricted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note the change in permissions** - this is necessary to protect the visibility of the file. PostgreSQL won't use it unless permissions are restricted.
```
